Klipy provider (#79)
moussetc/mattermost-plugin-giphy: README.md

**Maintainer:** [@moussetc](https://github.com/moussetc)

> A Mattermost plugin to post GIFs from **Giphy or Tenor or Klipy** with slash commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Mattermost plugin to post GIFs from **Giphy, Tenor, or Klipy** with slash commands.
```

1. Go to the [Releases page](https://github.com/moussetc/mattermost-plugin-giphy/releases) and download the `.tar.gz` package. Supported platforms are: Linux x64, Windows x64, Darwin x64, FreeBSD x64.
2. Use the Mattermost `System Console > Plugins Management > Management` page to upload the `.tar.gz` package
3. Go to the `System Console > Plugins > GIF commands`

> 4. Choose if you want to use GIPHY (default) or Tenor / Klipy (both of which requires an API key, see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Choose if you want to use GIPHY (default), Tenor, or Klipy (all of which require an API key, see below).
```

> 5. **Configure the Giphy or Tenor or Klipy API key** as explained on the configuration page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **Configure the Giphy Tenor, or Klipy API key** as explained on the configuration page.
```

        "Plugins": {
            "com.github.moussetc.mattermost.plugin.giphy": {
                "displaymode": "embedded",
                "provider": "<giphy or tenor or Klipy>",

>                 "apikey": "<your API key from Step 4. above, if you've choosen Giphy or Tenor or Klipy as your GIF provider>", 

Reviewer: lower case for the possible provider values
```suggestion
                "provider": "<giphy, tenor or klipy>",
                "apikey": "<your API key from Step 4. above, if you've choosen Giphy, Tenor, or Klipy as your GIF provider>", 
```

Start by checking the Mattermost logs (`yourURL/admin_console/logs`) for more detail. Usual causes include:
- Using GIPHY as provider and using the public beta Giphy. The log will looks like: `{"level":"error", ... ,"msg":"Unable to get GIF URL", ... ,"method":"POST","err_where":"Giphy Plugin","http_code":400,"err_details":"Error HTTP status 429: 429 Unknown Error"}`. Solution: get your own GIPHY API key as the default one shouldn't be used in production.
- If your Mattermost server is behind a proxy:
  - If the proxy blocks Giphy and Tenor and Klipy: there's no solution besides convincing your security department that accessing Giphy is business-critical.

>   - If the proxy allows Giphy and Tenor and Klipy: configure your Mattermost server to use your [outbound proxy](https://docs.mattermost.com/install/outbound-proxy.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If the proxy blocks Giphy / Tenor / Klipy: there's no solution besides convincing your security department that accessing Giphy is business-critical.
  - If the proxy allows access to your GIFs provider: configure your Mattermost server to use your [outbound proxy](https://docs.mattermost.com/install/outbound-proxy.html).
```

### The picture doesn't load

> - Your client (web client, desktop client, etc.) might be behind a proxy that blocks GIPHY or Tenor or Klipy. Solution: activate the Mattermost [image proxy](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/image-proxy.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your client (web client, desktop client, etc.) might be behind a proxy that blocks your GIFs provider. Solution: activate the Mattermost [image proxy](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/image-proxy.html).
```
